Dad, what are you doing?
Don't you understand human language?
From today onwards, I will be on vacation by him
Write the contract and apologize immediately
Can you still use a first-line upgrade?
Obey my words and apologize a second time
Mr. Zhou
It was our father and son who were too reckless and rude beforehand
Please forgive me.
Sorry.
It was my fault.
Mr. Du, are you satisfied with this punishment?
So righteous dear
Why are you not afraid that I am a counterfeit
The adults are wrong
Your Wei Ming, I'm not qualified to treat you yet.
When I was down
You can make me call Ling in two nights
Responsible for today's achievements
Now you show up again
As long as I can't imagine it
You can strut
go through fire and water
Die forever
Back then, I just saw that you would score well
I just want to teach you a few words
Can your Xiao family have today?
It's more about your own efforts.
For the sake of your eyesight
The Xiao family is safe
Your domineering
No, no, OK.
Open your mouth
OK, he's really getting rich!
Mr. Xiao
Have you been deceived by this team?
He is a god who pretends to be a demon and pretends to be a spirit.
How dare you give up a poisonous woman
I dare to disturb
Pick it out for me